Sure enough, it's a modern imitation
Did Yang Min hear it?
Hou Lao said so, you still don't admit defeat
I never said that. He's not a copy.
Pinhou Lao
What I brought is two years old
Would you like to see another one?
Your incense burner didn't even rust the show?
It looks like this is not an incense burner at all?
All deformed
I don't think this is an old fox at all
Let's not look at it, okay?
Miss Feng, you'd better declare who wins
I announce wait a minute
Yang Min, what else do you want to do?
Enough Yang Ming
You are old
You just look at this stinky dick
Are you making trouble in your animal kingdom over and over again?
Okay, enough trouble, no one came, etc.
The mind was in a hurry
I haven't had time to wipe it yet.
I hope you'll forgive me.
Now you can see if he is an antique.